China is buying land businesses and
building infrastructure all over the
world they are buying in Africa they're
buying in Cuba they're buying in the US
Canada and Europe but what is the goal
of the Chinese government you came here
for the truth
so let me unveil that for you let's have
our focus today on China but I also want
to mention a few other issues let's
begin right away with this the Chinese
company that bought the UK's Aston Villa
Football Club is nearing the purchase of
a Hollywood film producer behind the
action films such as The Expendables and
the Rambo sequels what we have seen is a
slow creep of infrastructure assets
businesses being purchased by Chinese
corporations and this has been a global
situation but in recent times I've
noticed a grand uptick in the speed in
the frequency as to which these are
being purchased and it seems like in the
next few years much of Hollywood will be
owned by Chinese companies now I would
like to interject that there is a
distinction a person from China buying a
home in let's say Vancouver or San
Francisco and they purchase the home and
they do so as an investment perhaps they
their child five years down the road
will need a place to stay while they're
going to school so they purchase it they
rent it out make an income off
then their child goes to live there
perhaps they want to stay there
permanently or maybe they'll just come
back after and then just continue to
rent the house out it doesn't matter
this is an individual investor
purchasing and I believe that's fine
that's that's totally fine the problem
is when you have these corporations
which are really just subsidiaries of
the government and they start buying not
you know condos not homes they start
buying businesses they start buying
media they start buying massive amounts
of land infrastructure then you start
having a problem and this goes for any
country that's the distinction that's
where I see the problem and I don't want
to see that line getting crossed you
know I'm not a politician I don't make
rules like this I don't understand all
the ins and outs I just know that you
could easily cross the line and it's
basically impossible to pull back
without something very bad happening
that's what concerns me about this as we
go on in these articles here okay and I
want to know what you think about that
so please let me know in the comments
from buses and trucks to a 500 million
dollar Golf Resort China is deepening
its business footprint in Cuba helping
the fellow communist-run States survive
a crisis in the oil benefactor Venezuela
and insulate against the possible
rollback of the u.s. depent now what is
important to note is that they obviously
have had ties for quite some time but
I've noticed that the amount
of money being spent here look at this
Cuban imports from China reached a
record 1.9 billion dollars in 2015 a 60
percent above the annual average for the
previous decade so the their partnership
is clearly stronger than ever and this
is showing you that they want to do
business with China they want to expand
that and another thing to note here is
that you had seen obviously for decades
the u.s. and Cuba were at the stalemate
and then you saw the sort of opening up
to China to Cuba but just before Obama
left office he signs one of those
wonderful executive orders and it was to
end what foot dry foot which I thought
was very interesting very surprising and
I'm still unsure exactly why that was
done and why it was done at that time
considering the previous actions anyway
so this right here is talking about
basically the influence of China and
Cuba and also of the US a deterioration
in the us-china relations under Trump
could also lead Beijing to dig in deeper
in to Cuba and I do believe that could
be true should there be some issues with
the US and China coming up China's
growing presence gives its companies a
head start over US competitors in Cuba
opening up in there I see that
ultimately businesses are opening I
think it's going to be able to have you
know it could flourish might take some
time but I think ultimately having
foreign investment in Cuba is a very
good thing you
just open the floodgates but if you can
do this under their own terms I think
it's good news I definitely think it's
good use I know as a Canadian there are
many many tourists who are going all the
times Cuba it's a very very common place
so tourism is very big and hopefully
they can expand on that it's a good
thing for the economy this here shows
you the Chinese investment in Africa
it's massive and it's probably
impossible for you to read this but in
the bottom left corner that legend down
there it shows you that the darker the
color the more of an investment okay so
the darkest color being more than ten
billion dollars so there are quite a few
nations where they're spending billions
and billions on different different
sectors anyway it goes through them in
this legend here oil and natural gas
railroad mining different things and if
you're interested I think it's pretty
interesting to see all the different
countries and all the different types of
investment they're doing it's not just
you know a one-trick pony they seem to
be getting into everything and they're
taking advantage of this opportunity and
they seems like these countries want to
work with China I bet that they would
rather have China than the u.s. in there
seems interesting anyway all right let's
switch gears a little bit
the Australian on this first start the
Australian Government Thursday block the
sale this is actually old news block the
sale of a portfolio of farm line the
size of Kentucky to Chinese investors on
national national interest grounds four
separate groups linked to the Chinese
based investors had been dominating the
bidding for properties accounted 2.5
percent of Australia's farming land and
it says it was worth so many millions of
dollars anyway it goes on part of the
reason why this was rejected
and usually you don't have any sort of
rejections taking place but the
government decided to step in look at
this at the bottom paragraph part of the
leased land is within this prohibited
area which is a weapons testing site the
site in the state of South Australia so
you have this sort of let's say possible
interaction there could be some stepping
on toes there could be an issue here and
that's what concerns me you know when
you start to buy up all this
infrastructure and land there are
different problems that you could
encounter and this is one of them think
about all the other possibilities out
there I'm going to switch gears
billionaire investor George Soros sold
off investments in CVS MGM and Barrick
Gold mr. Soros who also moved
recalibrating his portfolio after the
presidential election he opened up a
small stake in Goldman Sachs because of
course there's quite a few employees
big-time guys from Goldman Sachs in the
US government has always been and seems
to have increased a little bit recently
and cut Bank of America shares so I
wanted to show you that also he
eliminated the position of the iShares
China large cap FX re exchange-traded
fund China's the largest China focus ETF
in the US perhaps this is all Trump
related saying that Goldman Sachs is
going to do better because of the
obvious influence that they will have
China's not going to do as well because
or at least to tie between China and the
US
because of the sort of negative outlook
on those happening right now with
everything Trump that we've seen from
Trump and then you have gold bear gold
seemingly apparently according to Soros
going to take a nosedive and there are
others in here but I would suggest that
we never do what the billionaires are
necessarily doing you saw five billion
dollars worth of Bank of America stock
being purchased by Warren Buffett during
the financial crisis and it was done so
after the financial crisis done so to
rescue the rescue Bank of America sort
of like a side bailout but he was given
preferred shares it was not the same
price you when I would pay so how do you
adjust your valuations
Bulman sachs group climbed to a record
high optimism president Donald Trump's
administration will spur trading and
deal making slash corporate taxes and
rollback costly regulations after
installing the firm's executives and top
government posts and I do believe that
Goldman Sachs will have a say in what
happened in the financial sector as a
result of this but it's really
realistically it feels different than
what we've seen before because they've
always had preferred treatment they have
donated massively to Obama in the past
you've seen that so right there is it to
me is nothing you before I cover the
article on the right look at on the left
you see Rothschilds world sphere seeing
the greatest monetary monetary policy
experiment in history I read the article
basically he gets into the fact that
we're having
the experiment in history not in a good
one he's saying this is crazy basically
and his Rothschild saying that which I
find very fun okay going to the article
on the right this is basically a friend
a longtime friend or used to be a friend
George Soros his friend Jim Rogers I
love Jim Rogers read his books he said
that governments are always looking out
for themselves first and it's the same
old thing that has been going on for
hundreds of years the Indians did the
same thing recently they went through 86
percent of the currency in circulation
and then I'll have made it illegal to
spend more than I think at four thousand
dollars in cash in France I think it's a
thousand dollars or thousand euro and he
goes on and basically says that there's
going to be a cashless society and
they're going to track all of your
purchases we're going to make it very
difficult for you to do business they're
going to make everything part of their
world they want to know everything that
you do tracking everything you do this
and that it goes on and it's really good
to see someone this informative this
powerful you know and when he speaks
basically a lot of people listen and
he's saying things like this it's very
very good that he's out there talking
like that and then you have this which
is all about the this in this case
Brazil the universal basic income where
they are trying an experiment of a
seaside town of about 150 thousand
people near Rio saying that they would
give them this monthly check see how
those and they want to see if this is a
better way to go than all the different
welfare programs just give people print
it up give it to people and see how the
economy goes I think ultimately this is
a very very bad idea
but to sort of
give in a little bit I would say this is
better than I don't agree with it but
this is better than printing money in a
QE and then just giving it the bank's I
mean that's just that's completely
wasteful at least you give the money to
the people hopefully they'll go out and
spend it in the economy somehow that's
all for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up it pushes
these videos higher up in the youtube
search ranking so I appreciate that very
much when you do that if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
book the money GPS even more employment
you can look through the book if you go
over to Amazon they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take care